Get Home Safely
Auto Insurance
Additional Coverages
Roadside Assistance
Home Insurance
Additional Coverages
Renters & Condo
Personal Umbrella
Discounts & Savings
Right Coverage for You
Frequently Asked Questions
Protect Yourself & Your Family
Fall Driving Tips
Fire Safety Tips
Cooking Safety Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Get Home Safely
Driver Safety Tips
Auto Crash Kit
Home Safety Checklist
Home Maintenance Tips
Property Inventory
Protect Your Roof
Get Home Safely
Don't drive impaired.
You’ve made the right decision to not drive impaired, now the next step is finding a safe way home. Before you pick up your phone to book a driver or call a taxi, it’s important that you know how to stay safe.
Ride-Sharing, Ride-Hailing and Taxis
Confirm your ride by checking the license plate.
Before getting into a ride-hailing vehicle, make sure the car and license plate match what you booked through the app. Many of these cars can look alike. You should also look at the driver and ask them their name, to confirm it matches the name and photo in the app.
Find a safe spot to be picked up.
Pickup locations for ride-hailing services aren’t usually centralized. You should pick a location where you can wait inside until the driver arrives. If that’s not possible, choose an area to wait that’s away from the road, well lit, and where your driver can safely stop. Request that your driver drop you off in a safe spot, too.
Don’t step into the road to flag down a ride. Go to a taxi stand, call for a cab or request someone call a ride for you. It’s never a good idea to accept a ride from a stranger who may stop after seeing you looking for a ride.
Wear a seat belt.
Even if it’s a quick ride and you’re in the back seat, you should always buckle up, and make sure that your driver wears their seat belt, too.
Bikes and Scooters
Don’t ride a bike or scooter after drinking alcohol or using drugs.
About 22% of the bicyclists who died in 2022 had been drinking. Even a small amount of alcohol can cause balance issues and delayed reaction time. If you’re impaired, leave the bike or scooter behind, and choose a safe form of transportation.
Walking
Know that walking home drunk or high can be dangerous.
An estimated 30% of deadly pedestrian crashes in 2022 involved a person who was drunk and walking. Avoid walking home if you’ve been drinking or using drugs. If you choose to walk, remember to obey traffic signs and signals. If there isn’t a sidewalk, walk facing traffic and as far from vehicles as possible. Be visible, especially at night — 76% of pedestrian deaths in 2022 happened when it was dark.
Public Transportation
Be vigilant.
When using a bus or train to get home, be aware of your surroundings, especially if you’re traveling alone. Be careful on train platforms; do not stand or walk too close to the edge. Choose a seat near the driver or operator. Don’t sleep on a train or bus. Look to see if there is an emergency call button should you need it — a cell phone might not always work.
While it’s best to plan ahead for a sober driver, or consider staying over, it’s important to know how to stay safe when considering other forms of transportation.
Source: National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
They've always been there no matter what the issue. Amazing customer service!
Lindsey
Palmyra, Pennsylvania