Get Home Safely Tips
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
Get Home Safely Tips
Download Content for Your Social Media
The graphics and captions below are available for you to use on your social media. The resources on this page can be used to remind people that it's important to know how to stay safe on your way home.
For the best quality graphic, we suggest you download images via Dropbox here.
By clicking on the image, or the "Download Image" link after the caption, you will be directed to a Dropbox page. From there, use the download button in the top right corner to save the image to your computer and add your logo to the image.
To download text, highlight the text, right click and select copy. Then, start a new post in your social media account, right click and select paste.
Add Agency Logo
The graphics available for download have the Penn National Insurance logo on them.
After you download a graphic, you may add your agency logo to it as shown in the example in the upper right.
Downloadable Content
Don't risk it on the roads, put your phone down while driving. (Download Image)
Before getting into a ride-hailing vehicle, make sure the car and license plate match what you booked through the app. Many of these cars can look alike. You should also look at the driver and ask them their name, to confirm it matches the name and photo in the app. (Download Image)
Even if it’s a quick ride and you’re in the back seat, you should always buckle up, and make sure that your driver wears their seat belt, too. (Download Image)
To get home safely while walking, especially at night, prioritize visibility and awareness. If possible, walk with a friend and be mindful of your surroundings. Avoid distractions like headphones and be aware of potential hazards. (Download Image)
To access other content, click on the links below.
Auto Accident Kit
Heating Safety Tips
Back to School Safety Tips
Holiday*
Cooking Safety Tips
Home Maintenance Tips
Fall Driving Tips
Protect Your Roof
Fire Safety Tips
Road Trip Safety Tips
Grilling Safety Tips
Snow Removal & Frozen Pipes Tips
Get Home Safely Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Halloween Safety
* Coming soon.
Follow Penn National Insurance on Facebook and LinkedIn.