HSB Efficiency First
Coverages We Offer
Additional Coverages
Cyber Liability Insurance
Businesses We Cover
Prepare Business Legal Documents
Group Programs
Chambers & Associations
Safety & Loss Control
HSB Efficiency First
Custom Service Program
Bonds
Rapid Response
Fidelity & Crime
Commercial Bonds
Contract Bonds
Agents Umbrella
Your
Agents' Umbrella Agent
HSB Efficiency First
An online tool designed to help small to mid-sized businesses like yours save money by reducing your energy costs.
Energy efficiency made simple. HSB Efficiency First™ is a web-based tool designed to help small to mid-sized businesses like yours save money by reducing your energy costs. Find out fast how much you can save. In just five minutes you can identify specific energy efficiency opportunities for your business, learn how to achieve those savings and get great ideas to make your equipment run better and last longer.
Save time and money
We get it. You’re busy managing your business or organization. You’d like to cut energy costs but it’s hard to find time to learn how. HSB Efficiency First™ makes it simple. We have put great, money-saving ideas and practical energy efficiency tools in one place. With one easy-to-use tool you’ll identify specific energy savings opportunities and get recommendations tailored to your facility so you can start saving.
You’re in the driver's seat
HSB Efficiency First™ is a self-help tool that gives you the means to control your energy use. These include practical ideas for insulation, heating, air cooling systems, lighting, appliances and more that will help you save energy and money. Plus, we show you how to care for your equipment so that it runs longer and more efficiently. Visit HSB Efficiency First™ and discover all the benefits:
Get practical ideas to reduce energy costs
Keep operations up and running and avoid business interruptions
Ensure key equipment runs at peak efficiency
Get data to support budgets for equipment upgrades
More than energy efficiency
Energy efficiency is only part of the value of the HSB Efficiency First™ website. It also gives you access to:
HSB Equipment Efficiency Calculators – assess your equipment and operating conditions so you can plan and prioritize efficiency improvements
HSB prepare program – advance planning for equipment emergencies so you can get back to business faster
HSB Equipment Care documents – optimize equipment operation and maintenance
HSB Electrical Preventive Maintenance – head off issues that waste energy or could cause fires.
Value added at no cost
Best, HSB Efficiency First™ costs nothing. It’s a complimentary service offered as part of your business insurance.
Start now
In any business, saving money is an everyday priority. And energy efficiency offers big savings opportunities. HSB Efficiency First™ gives you the knowledge and guidance you need to know where you can save and how to do it in one convenient platform.
© 2018 The Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company. All rights reserved. Used with permission.
Penn National Insurance and Hartford Steam Boiler are separate and independent legal entities. Penn National Insurance specifically disclaims any responsibility for the content on Hartford Steam Boiler's website, or representations of service offered by Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company.
HSB Efficiency First is a trademark of the Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company. Penn National Insurance® and Feel Secure® are trademarks used under license.
Your customer service reps do an outstanding job from start to finish.
Colonial Electric Company
Harwood, Maryland