Halloween Safety Tips
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
Halloween Safety Tips
Download Content for Your Social Media
The graphics and captions below are available for you to use on your social media. The resources on this page can be used as a reminder of safety tips to keep you and trick or treaters safe.
For the best quality graphic, we suggest you download images via Dropbox here.
By clicking on the image, or the "Download Image" link after the caption, you will be directed to a Dropbox page. From there, use the download button in the top right corner to save the image to your computer and add your logo to the image.
To download text, highlight the text, right click and select copy. Then, start a new post in your social media account, right click and select paste.
Add Agency Logo
The graphics available for download have the Penn National Insurance logo on them.
After you download a graphic, you may add your agency logo to it as shown in the example in the upper right.
Downloadable Content
Going out to trick or treat this year? Remember an adult should always accompany young children and to only visit homes with a porch light on. (Download Image)
Handing out candy this Halloween? Make sure the front of your home is well lit and sweep any leaves from your sidewalk and steps. (Download Image)
Going out trick or treating this Halloween? Make sure to walk on sidewalks or the edge of the road, facing traffic. (Download Image)
Getting into a crash will haunt you forever. Drive safe this Halloween - save the mask for arrival. (Download Image)
Don't drive this Halloween if you're under the alcohol's spell. Designate a sober driver so your night doesn't end in tragedy. (Download Image)
Slow down if you are driving on a road covered wtih leaves, especially when driving around turns. (Download Image)
Sources: American Red Cross
Source: SafetyFirst
To access other content, click on the links below.
Auto Accident Kit
Heating Safety Tips
Back to School Safety Tips
Holiday*
Cooking Safety Tips
Home Maintenance Tips
Fall Driving Tips
Protect Your Roof
Fire Safety Tips
Road Trip Safety Tips
Grilling Safety Tips
Snow Removal & Frozen Pipes Tips
Get Home Safely Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Halloween Safety
* Coming soon.
Follow Penn National Insurance on Facebook and LinkedIn.