Coverages We Offer
Coverages We Offer
Additional Coverages
Cyber Liability Insurance
Businesses We Cover
Prepare Business Legal Documents
Group Programs
Chambers & Associations
Safety & Loss Control
HSB Efficiency First
Custom Service Program
Bonds
Rapid Response
Fidelity & Crime
Commercial Bonds
Contract Bonds
Agents Umbrella
Your
Agents' Umbrella Agent
Coverages
We Offer
Our insurance portfolio offers coverages to fit
your business needs.
We offer a wide range of basic and specialty coverages. Consult your agent for the coverage that offers you the best protection for your unique business needs.
Businessowners Program
Businessowners insurance combines property and general liability under one policy. We take the basic Businessowners Policy and add extra insurance protection at no extra charge. Business Risk Protection—an InsurTech legal assistance service that helps businesses create key legal documents without having to worry about expensive lawyer fees—is also included on your Businessowners policy.
Get even more protection with our PennPac Plus, which offers higher coverage limits. Or upgrade to our PennPac Deluxe, which offers blanket limits for certain coverages. All options are offered at an affordable rate.
Contractors Businessowners
We built our Contractors Businessowners Policy to meet the needs of the contracting industry by offering protection others don't, such as blanket additional insured and damage to your work clarification.  Business Risk Protection—an InsurTech legal assistance service that helps businesses create key legal documents without having to worry about expensive lawyer fees—is also included on your Businessowners policy.
Commercial Auto
Whether you need to insure one company passenger-type vehicle or a fleet of trucks, we have the right coverage for you. In addition, our enhanced Auto PennPacs provide additional coverages, including replacement cost coverage, for eligible private-passenger-type vehicles.
Property
Property coverage protects your business if damage to your building, office, furniture, equipment or contents occur. Compared to a Businessowners Policy, Property coverage offers a broader range of optional coverage to meet the needs of larger, or more diverse, businesses. Our Property PennPac features many enhanced coverages. Equipment Breakdown coverage is automatically included. We also have enhanced PropertyPennPacs for business hotels, printers, manufacturers and industrial, restaurants and wholesalers that provide coverages specific to the industry.
General Liability
General Liability insurance protects you against liability claims for bodily injury and property damage of a business's premises, operations, products and completed operations; and advertising and personal injury liability. Business Risk Protection—an InsurTech legal assistance service that helps businesses create key legal documents without having to worry about expensive lawyer fees—is also included on your General Liability policy.
Workers' Compensation
We provide Workers’ Compensation coverage in most of our operating territory. Besides providing state-required coverage for your employees, we care for your injured employees while controlling your workers’ compensation costs through our managed care and provider network program. We also offer a pay-as-you-go billing option for Workers' Comp policies, subject to eligibility requirements.
Read more about our managed care program.
Umbrella
An Umbrella policy provides protection against catastrophic losses and is written over our Business Auto, Commercial General Liability or Employers Liability policies. It picks up where the underlying policy leaves off when the aggregate limit of the underlying policy is exhausted by the payment of claims. It also provides protection against some claims not covered by the underlying policies.
As always, your customer service is the best!
Koons of Tyson Corner
Vienna, Virginia