Cyber Liability Insurance
Coverages We Offer
Additional Coverages
Cyber Liability Insurance
Businesses We Cover
Prepare Business Legal Documents
Group Programs
Chambers & Associations
Safety & Loss Control
HSB Efficiency First
Custom Service Program
Bonds
Rapid Response
Fidelity & Crime
Commercial Bonds
Contract Bonds
Agents Umbrella
Your
Agents' Umbrella Agent
Do I need Cyber Liability Insurance?
It's not a matter of if, but when a cyber attack will occur.
Cyber liability insurance is an innovative kind of insurance uniquely suited to address the digital era we live in, and the increasing risks and exposures confronted daily by businesses that operate online or maintain sensitive client and customer data on their computer operating systems.
Does my general liability insurance cover cyber liability risks and exposures? Most do not provide any coverage for these exposures. While some business policies include limited cyber liability coverage, it is usually insufficient to provide adequate/comprehensive protection.
What types of businesses need CLI? Any business which operates a website, conducts transactions online, or stores personally identifiable information of its customers, clients and employees, such as birth dates, Social Security numbers, credit card numbers and bank account information.
Is my business liable if there is a security breach of our network? Yes. Your business has a legal obligation to protect the confidential and personal information of your customers, clients and employees, which is stored on your network. Even if you hire a third party to provide protection and security, you remain liable.
Is accepting online payment by credit card a cyber liability threat? Yes. Storing credit card information on your computer network creates exposure, as it is subject to being either lost or stolen.
If a laptop or flash drive with personal/confidential information is lost or stolen, is my business liable? Yes. It is your responsibility to store customer, client and employee data securely.
Don’t think you need cyber liability coverage? Think again.
62% of all reported data breaches were with small to mid-size businesses
One in five small businesses falls victim to cyber crime each year
60% go out of business within six months of an attack
Average cost of the attack was $188,242
Talk to your independent agent about your cyber security insurance needs.
It was a pleasure doing business with you.
Cappelli's Beer & Pop Warehouse
Washington, Pennsylvania