Safety & Loss Control
Coverages We Offer
Additional Coverages
Cyber Liability Insurance
Businesses We Cover
Prepare Business Legal Documents
Group Programs
Chambers & Associations
Safety & Loss Control
HSB Efficiency First
Custom Service Program
Bonds
Rapid Response
Fidelity & Crime
Commercial Bonds
Contract Bonds
Agents Umbrella
Your
Agents' Umbrella Agent
Safety & Loss Control
Making good safety practices a part of your business helps keep insurance costs down.
Penn National Insurance is committed to promoting loss control and safety management practices by developing a working partnership with you based on mutual safety goals and continuous communication. Working with you and your agent, our team designs safety services geared toward your company’s individual needs and loss experience.
We believe in:
Conducting thorough risk evaluations and detailed loss analysis
Valuing your knowledge, skills and experience
Assessing your needs and developing customized loss control services
Supporting your safety policies
Our loss control consultants have diverse expertise in a wide array of areas including: workers’ compensation, accident reduction, property protection, safety program development, defensive driving, industrial hygiene, hearing conservation, ergonomics and construction safety. Depending on your specific needs, we’ll designate a specific loss control consultant to work directly with you.
A wealth of information
We offer you access to an extensive library of safety information and resources to help you develop best safety practices and educational opportunities for your staff. Business policyholders can peruse our online resources and safety information when you sign in to your account.
Also, we’ll do the safety research for you, including literature, videos and training resources, as part of our customized service.
To access these resources, sign in to our Online Insurance Center (OIC) or create an account.
Helping prevent injuries through safety grants
Each year, many workplace injuries and illnesses that could be prevented cost employers millions of dollars. Our Safety Grant program provides quarterly grants to commercial policyholders who have Workers' Compensation, Auto, Property or General Liability coverage with us. This program helps qualified businesses purchase safety items, equipment and training to reduce accidents, injuries and illnesses in the workplace.
Contact your Penn National Insurance agent for more information about our loss control services.
Another well done job as always
Controlled Environment Technologies
York, Pennsylvania