Road Trip Safety Tips
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
Road Trip Safety Tips
Download Content for Your Social Media
The graphics and captions below are available for you to use on your social media. The resources on this page can be used to remind people what to do in preparation of a road trip. It doesn't matter the length of your drive, but you should always take precautions prior to a road trip.
For the best quality graphic, we suggest you download images via Dropbox here.
By clicking on the image, or the "Download Image" link after the caption, you will be directed to a Dropbox page. From there, use the download button in the top right corner to save the image to your computer and add your logo to the image.
To download text, highlight the text, right click and select copy. Then, start a new post in your social media account, right click and select paste.
Add Agency Logo
The graphics available for download have the Penn National Insurance logo on them.
After you download a graphic, you may add your agency logo to it as shown in the example in the upper right.
Downloadable Content
Even a well-maintained vehicle can break down, so it's advisable to put together an emergency roadside kit to carry with you. (Download Image)
Before heading out, check the weather, road conditions, and traffic. Don't rush through your trip; allow plenty of time to get to your destination safely. Familiarize yourself with your route and directions prior to leaving.  (Download Image)
You know the rules: Do not text or drive distracted. Road trips are meant to be fun, but always be attentive and keep your eyes on the road. (Download Image)
Packing your car properly for a road trip is crucial not just for maximzing space but also for ensuring safety and comfort during your journey. (Download Image)
In an accident, if possible move the vehicles and people safely to the side of the road. While waiting for first responders, exchange insurance information with other drivers. (Download video)
To access other content, click on the links below.
Auto Accident Kit
Heating Safety Tips
Back to School Safety Tips
Holiday*
Cooking Safety Tips
Home Maintenance Tips
Fall Driving Tips
Protect Your Roof
Fire Safety Tips
Road Trip Safety Tips
Grilling Safety Tips
Snow Removal & Frozen Pipes Tips
Get Home Safely Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Halloween Safety
* Coming soon.
Follow Penn National Insurance on Facebook and LinkedIn.