Additional Coverages
Auto Insurance
Additional Coverages
Roadside Assistance
Home Insurance
Additional Coverages
Renters & Condo
Personal Umbrella
Discounts & Savings
Right Coverage for You
Frequently Asked Questions
Protect Yourself & Your Family
Fall Driving Tips
Fire Safety Tips
Cooking Safety Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Get Home Safely
Driver Safety Tips
Auto Crash Kit
Home Safety Checklist
Home Maintenance Tips
Property Inventory
Protect Your Roof
Additional Coverages
Value-added protection at an affordable cost.
Adding these affordable coverages to your policy provides you with extra peace of mind.
Auto PennPac®
Our affordable Auto PennPac puts together several valuable coverages for extra peace-of-mind protection, and includes pet coverage, death benefit, and seat belt and restraint benefit. If you have Collision and Comprehensive coverage, you get additional coverages for towing and labor, travel interruption, locksmith services, airbag replacement, personal effects, non-owned trailer, sound equipment and deductible waivers.
Auto Loan/Lease Coverage
Coverage that protects you for the difference between the amount you owe on a car loan or lease and what you would actually collect under your personal automobile insurance policy if your car were totaled. Pays to repair or replace damaged or destroyed items at today’s price, with no deduction for depreciation.
Replacement Cost Auto Coverage
If you have purchased a car within the last 30 days or are in the process of purchasing a new car, you may want to consider this coverage. Replacement cost auto coverage pays for damage to your car without considering depreciation in the value of your car. Your cost would only be the policy deductible. Cars damaged as a result of fire or theft will be covered at actual cash value.
Towing and Labor
Pays the cost of towing your auto when it is disabled. The cost of labor performed at the disablement is also covered up to the limit. This coverage is also generally inexpensive.
Since insurance laws are different in every state, some coverages may not be available. Be sure to talk with your agent.
Discounts and packages are subject to state availability and individual eligibility. Discounts may not apply to all coverages and/or all vehicles.
The whole experience I had in filing the claim on my car, which was totaled, was easy and faster than I even imagined it could be.
Wendy & William
Reading, Pennsylvania