Additional Coverages
Auto Insurance
Additional Coverages
Roadside Assistance
Home Insurance
Additional Coverages
Renters & Condo
Personal Umbrella
Discounts & Savings
Right Coverage for You
Frequently Asked Questions
Protect Yourself & Your Family
Fall Driving Tips
Fire Safety Tips
Cooking Safety Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Get Home Safely
Driver Safety Tips
Auto Crash Kit
Home Safety Checklist
Home Maintenance Tips
Property Inventory
Protect Your Roof
Additional Protection for Your Home
Need more protection? These affordable coverages can be attached to your policy
For added peace of mind, consider adding these endorsements and products that give you more protection and higher limits.
Identity Theft
Reimburses you for your legal fees, document duplication, mailing costs and more.
Loss Assessment
Provides coverage for any losses assessed against you as a member of, and required by, a condo or homeowner association, up to the policy limit.
PennPac®
Increase the most popular special limits and add other valuable coverages on your basic homeowners policy by adding this affordable package of endorsements. Coverages include:
Identity theft
Money, coins, bank notes
Securities, deeds, manuscripts, passports
Loss assessment
Theft of silverware
Credit card theft
Refrigerated property
Personal injury
Personal Umbrella
Don’t let one costly lawsuit destroy your family’s financial future. You can protect your family and your assets with a Personal Umbrella Policy. It's an extra layer of protection beyond what's covered by your auto and homeowners insurance policies. This valuable policy provides excess liability insurance coverage for an additional $1 million limit, with even higher limit options available. This is especially important if you have significant assets or earning potential that could be used to satisfy a judgment against you.
Personal Injury
Provides protection against more types of lawsuits like libel, slander, invasion of privacy, wrongful entry and wrongful eviction.
Personal Property Replacement Cost
Penn National Insurance settles covered personal property losses based on the actual cash value of items such as furniture, clothing and electronic appliances, unless it costs less to repair that item. Actual cash value means the cost to replace the damaged item less depreciation.
However, you have the option to purchase Personal Property Replacement Cost coverage, which pays to repair or replace damaged or destroyed items at today’s price, with no deduction for depreciation, subject to policy terms and conditions.
Specified Additional Amount of Coverage
Covers additional costs when the loss is more than the policy’s limit, to help cover spikes in rebuilding labor and material costs and ensures replacement materials of the same quality. Additional amounts of coverage are available at 25 percent or 50 percent of dwelling limit.
Underground Utility Line Coverage
This valuable coverage protects you from costly repairs if water or sewer pipes break outside your home. Learn more about this coverage.
Valuable Articles
Specifically covers personal property, such as jewelry, furs, fine art, silver and electronics by description and value for virtually any type of loss, with no depreciation and no deductible.
Water Back-up and Sump Overflow
Covers losses and cleanup costs that result from water backing up through sewer or drains or sump overflows, up to the coverage limit.
Discounts and coverages are subject to state availability and individual eligibility. Discounts may not apply to all coverages and/or all vehicles.
Everyone I spoke with was friendly, helpful, and reassuring.
Frances
Johnstown, Pennsylvania