Snow Removal and Frozen Pipes Safety Tips
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
Snow Removal and Frozen Pipes Safety Tips
Download Content for Your Social Media
The graphics and captions below are available for you to use on your social media. The resources on this page can be used to encourage people to keep their property safe during the winter.
For the best quality graphic, we suggest you download images via Dropbox here.
By clicking on the image, or the "Download Image" link after the caption, you will be directed to a Dropbox page. From there, use the download button in the top right corner to save the image to your computer and add your logo to the image.
To download text, highlight the text, right click and select copy. Then, start a new post in your social media account, right click and select paste.
Add Agency Logo
The graphics available for download have the Penn National Insurance logo on them.
After you download a graphic, you may add your agency logo to it as shown in the example in the upper right.
Downloadable Content
To prevent freezing, insulate pipes that are near exterior walls. (Download Image)
Always start your snow blower outside, never in the garage, to avoid the risk of fire, explosion or carbon monoxide poisoning. (Download Image)
When removing snow or ice from a roof, remember to use a snow rake from the ground level. Be sure to position yourself away from the snow being removed from the roof. (Download Image)
Snow shoveling can lead to a number of health risks for many people, from back injuries to heart attacks. (Download Image)
To access other content, click on the links below.
Auto Accident Kit
Heating Safety Tips
Back to School Safety Tips
Holiday*
Cooking Safety Tips
Home Maintenance Tips
Fall Driving Tips
Protect Your Roof
Fire Safety Tips
Road Trip Safety Tips
Grilling Safety Tips
Snow Removal & Frozen Pipes Tips
Get Home Safely Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Halloween Safety
* Coming soon.
Follow Penn National Insurance on Facebook and LinkedIn.