Auto Claims Process
Report a Claim
Auto Claims Process
Property Damage
Electronic Claims Payment
Workplace Injuries
Information Needed for a Claim
Early Return to Work
Creating A Modified Duty Program
Finding Light-Duty Tasks
Sample Modified-Duty Policy
Medical Providers
Electronic Medical Bills
Auto Claims Process
Our goal is to process your claim promptly and settle it fairly.
When you are in an accident, it's a very stressful time. Our experienced, trained adjusters are there for you. They will walk you step-by-step through the process. They will explain in simple terms what’s covered and what’s not and, most importantly, why. They will settle the claim promptly, painlessly and fairly.
Steps of Basic Auto Claim
1. We receive the claim and assign it to a claims adjuster no later than the next business day.
2. You will be contacted by a local claims adjuster within 24 hours of receiving the assignment.
3. The adjuster gathers any other additional information and discusses the options with you:
If your vehicle is safe to drive, we encourage you to get an estimate from the body shop of your choice.
You have the option to receive your claims payment electronically.
4. If the damage is significant, an appraiser will be immediately assigned to inspect the vehicle.
5. If you have obtained an estimate of damage from the repair shop of your choice, the adjuster will review the estimate and discuss whether any changes are needed. An agreed repair price with the shop of the owner’s choice is obtained and payment is issued to you minus the appropriate deductible.
6. Repairs should not be completed until all repairs have been approved.
7. You have the repairs completed to your vehicle and are responsible for paying the bill at the repair shop.
Claims Portal
Our Claims portal will provide you with an at-a-glance view of your Personal Auto claim status and make it easier for you to contact your adjuster as well as share documents. The Claims portal is part of the Online Insurance Center (OIC).
Mobile App
Download our mobile app, so you can quickly record and take photos or video of the damage.
Everyone I spoke with was friendly, helpful, and reassuring.
Frances
Johnstown, Pennsylvania