Back to School Safety
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
Back to School Safety Tips
Download Content for Your Social Media
The graphics and captions below are available for you to use on your social media. The resources on this page can be used as a reminder of safety tips while driving in a school zone or near a school bus.
For the best quality graphic, we suggest you download images via Dropbox here.
By clicking on the image, or the "Download Image" link after the caption, you will be directed to a Dropbox page. From there, use the download button in the top right corner to save the image to your computer and add your logo to the image.
To download text, highlight the text, right click and select copy. Then, start a new post in your social media account, right click and select paste.
Add Agency Logo
The graphics available for download have the Penn National Insurance logo on them.
After you download a graphic, you may add your agency logo to it as shown in the example in the upper right.
Downloadable Content
Approaching a school bus stop? Never pass a bus loading or unloading children. (Download Image)
Make sure your child knows the proper way to get on and off the bus. Your child and the bus driver should always be able to see each other, especially when crossing the street.  (Download Image)
If your child is walking to or from school, make sure to walk on the sidewalk and always cross streets at crosswalks or intersections.  (Download Image)
Driving your child to school? Make sure to obey school zone speed limits and follow your school's drop-off procedure. (Download Image)
For a back to school safety checklist, click here.
Source: National Safety Council
To access other content, click on the links below.
Auto Accident Kit
Heating Safety Tips
Back to School Safety Tips
Holiday*
Cooking Safety Tips
Home Maintenance Tips
Fall Driving Tips
Protect Your Roof
Fire Safety Tips
Road Trip Safety Tips
Grilling Safety Tips
Snow Removal & Frozen Pipes Tips
Get Home Safely Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Halloween Safety
* Coming soon.
Follow Penn National Insurance on Facebook and LinkedIn.