Award Winning Claims Service
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
Award Winning Claims Service
At Penn National Insurance, we're on a mission to help people feel secure and make life better when bad things happen.
For over 106 years, we've been a trusted partner to individuals, families and businesses because we are a mutual insurance company where service and support for our policyholders are at the heart of everything we do.
Our Claims staff cannot control the weather and accidents that affect our policyholders, but they can control how they respond to our policyholders.
Our Claims management team insists that their staff respond promptly and professionally to provide policyholders with confidence and a clear understanding of how we will help them resolve their claim.
The same philosophy applies to our Customer Contact Center staff, who assist policyholders with their billing and policy questions.
About Ward's Customer Experience Superior Rating
Penn National Insurance has achieved a “Superior Rating” for Personal Lines Claims Customer Experience as measured by Ward’s ExperienceMonitor program, powered by Inpoint. This is the company’s sixth consecutive year to receive the superior rating.
Aon’s benchmarking division, Ward Group, is the trusted leader of benchmarking and best practices services for the insurance industry. For the past 30 years, Ward Group has analyzed key financial and customer experience aspects of property-casualty insurance companies, identifying the top performers. Aon Inpoint is dedicated to making insurers more competitive through providing data, analytics, engagement and consulting.
Ward’s Claims Customer Experience Superior Rating® is based on achieving a minimum Net Promotor Score of 50 across all Personal Auto and Property claims settled and measured during the calendar year.