Workers' Compensation PayGo Plan
Creating Your Online Account
Billing & Payment
Paperless Options
Recurring Payments Plan
Workers' Compensation PayGo Plan
Changes & Life Events
College Bound
Business Premium Audits
Premium Audit Process
Employee or Subcontractor
Multiple State Operations
Adequately insured contractors
Certificate of Insurance
Glossary of Insurance Terms
Contact Us
Workers' Compensatin PayGo Plan
Convenient online option to help you manage your Workers' Compensation premium.
Pay-As-You-Go (PayGo) is an automated billing option for your Workers' Compensation policy, designed to help you more accurately manage your Workers' Compensation premium. We have partnered with SmartPay, a leader in pay-as-you-go providers, to bring you a secure, convenient online process for reporting your payroll.
Benefits of the PayGo billing plan
Matches your premium payments to actual payroll as it is incurred
Assists in cash-flow management
Lower down payment
No additional paperwork for subsequent renewal terms
Talk to your agent for more information.
How does PayGo work?
PayGo allows you to pay your Workers' Compensation premium automatically, in real time, as you run your payroll. Payroll reporting options include:
Self-reporting payroll at the end of each payroll
Linking to your payroll company
Using SmartPay's reporting service
Premium is automatically withdrawn from your bank account based on payroll reported.
Please Note: If ADP or Paychex is your payroll provider, you will have to self-report or use SmartPay’s reporting service.
Are there eligibility requirements?
To be eligible, you must:
Have a 12-month Workers' Compensation policy
Have a minimum estimated premium of $1,500
Have at least one payroll-based classification
Report payroll by class code
Agree to have premiums paid via Automated Clearing House (ACH) withdrawal on a checking account.
Must I use a payroll service?
No, you do not need to use a payroll provider service. You can report payroll directly to SmartPay, who will provide instructions to you on this simple procedure. SmartPay also offers reporting services for a minimal fee.
Can my policy still be cancelled?
Payroll reporting is ultimately your responsibility. If payroll is not reported, Penn National Insurance will cancel your policy according to the regulations of your state. You will receive emails notifying you that payroll has not been reported and this may result in cancellation of your policy.
How does this affect the final audit?
Penn National Insurance will still perform an audit. With accurate and timely reporting of payroll during the policy term, there will likely be very little to no premium adjustments, and the audit process will be much more efficient.  Visit our Premium Audit pages for more information.
What information do I need to enroll?
To enroll, you must provide:
Your email address
Payroll cycle (weekly, bi-weekly, bi-monthly, monthly)
First payroll check date after policy effective date
Payroll provider's name and email address (if applicable)
Are there costs associated with enrolling in PayGo?
We have negotiated competitive pricing for our Workers' Compensation PayGo  through our partnership with SmartPay.
As with other Commercial Lines policies, there is a down payment of premium, which is typically lower than other pay plans. Depending on the reporting mechanism, it could be a percentage or flat fee. Installment fees are charged and spread over the selected payment periods. Fees may vary by state, and other fees may apply.
I have been a customer of Penn National for 30+ years and have always had great service.
Rebecca & Timothy
Scottville, North Carolina