Driver Safety Tips
Auto Insurance
Additional Coverages
Roadside Assistance
Home Insurance
Additional Coverages
Renters & Condo
Personal Umbrella
Discounts & Savings
Right Coverage for You
Frequently Asked Questions
Protect Yourself & Your Family
Fall Driving Tips
Fire Safety Tips
Cooking Safety Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Get Home Safely
Driver Safety Tips
Auto Crash Kit
Home Safety Checklist
Home Maintenance Tips
Property Inventory
Protect Your Roof
Driver Safety Tips
You should continually assess your ability to drive safely.
The years pass quickly between getting a driver's license as a teen and becoming an older adult driver. As we age, we need to continually assess our ability to drive safely, keeping in mind not only our safety, but also the safety of our passengers, other drivers and pedestrians. Four primary issues that affect our driving as we age are vision, hearing, medication and vehicle safety.
Changes in Vision
Nearsightedness and farsightedness are common vision issues. Medical problems could include cataracts, glaucoma or macular degeneration. As drivers age, they may also experience changes in:
Light sensitivity
Focus
Depth perception
Peripheral vision
Tips
Wear sunglasses to reduce glare on sunny days
Visit the eye doctor annually
Limit nighttime driving. Plan long-distance trips for the daylight hours.
Avoid driving at dusk or dawn, when it is most difficult to see
Changes in Hearing
As a person ages, hearing may decrease or it may become more difficult to distinguish sounds. Hearing is crucial to driving, as it helps alert drivers to changes in traffic, including the approach of emergency vehicles or the horn of another vehicle.
Tips
Turn off the radio or keep the volume low
Keep the air conditioner or heater on low to help reduce background noise
Limit conversation with passengers, which can be distracting
Medication
Medication can affect an individual’s ability to drive at any age. Older adults are more likely to take multiple medications, and may need to take extra steps to retain their driving abilities while taking medication.
Tips
Ask your physician or pharmacist if your medication, alone or in combination with other medications, can affect your driving
Read the label of each bottle carefully
Evaluate your own reaction to medication. Even if the label does not contain a warning, your body may react.
Remember that alcohol and medication don’t mix—especially when driving
Vehicle Safety
Every driver should take steps to make sure their vehicle is safe for driving.
Keep windows, windshields and mirrors clean
Keep wiper blades clean, and replace them at least once a year
Become familiar with your vehicle’s displays and controls
Use lights in rain, snow or other bad weather
Use turn signals to alert other drivers and pedestrians of your intentions
Keep your headlights and taillights clean
Check your mirrors frequently
Reduce fatigue by making frequent rest stops, or by adjusting your body’s position while driving
Check tires for tread wear
Plan alternate routes for highway travel if the minimum speed limit is too fast for your comfort or you travel congested routes particularly during rush hours
They've always been there no matter what the issue. Amazing customer service!
Lindsey
Palmyra, Pennsylvania