Protect Your Roof
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
Protect Your Roof
Download Content for Your Social Media
The graphics and captions below are available for you to use on your social media. The resources on this page can be used to remind people to protect their roof before a small issue creates a larger problem.
For the best quality graphic, we suggest you download images via Dropbox here.
By clicking on the image, or the "Download Image" link after the caption, you will be directed to a Dropbox page. From there, use the download button in the top right corner to save the image to your computer and add your logo to the image.
To download text, highlight the text, right click and select copy. Then, start a new post in your social media account, right click and select paste.
Add Agency Logo
The graphics available for download have the Penn National Insurance logo on them.
After you download a graphic, you may add your agency logo to it as shown in the example in the upper right.
Downloadable Content
Your roof is your home's first line of defense from the elements. Feel secure and protect one of your most important assets by taking care of it. (Download Image)
Keep trees trimmed and don't plant trees too close to your house. Severe weather and trees can cause some unexpected damage to your roof. (Download Image)
Over time, sun, wind and rain wear down your roof. It can be the most vulnerable component of your home to severe storms.  (Download Image)
Roofing products have changed significantly over the years. Some roofing products work better in certain parts of the country than others. Check to see what materials work best for your home. (Download Image)
When it is time for a new roof, make sure you choose reputable contractors  and materials that will help protect your home for many years to come.(Download Image)
Hiring a contractor to replace or work on your roof? Make sure to get bids from reputable contractors, check references and request verification of insurance. Don't forget to make sure the bid clearly defines the work to be done, including hauling away of debris and yard cleanup. (Download Video)
To access other content, click on the links below.
Auto Accident Kit
Heating Safety Tips
Back to School Safety Tips
Holiday*
Cooking Safety Tips
Home Maintenance Tips
Fall Driving Tips
Protect Your Roof
Fire Safety Tips
Road Trip Safety Tips
Grilling Safety Tips
Snow Removal & Frozen Pipes Tips
Get Home Safely Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Halloween Safety
* Coming soon.
Follow Penn National Insurance on Facebook and LinkedIn.