Business Premium Audits
Creating Your Online Account
Billing & Payment
Paperless Options
Recurring Payments Plan
Workers' Compensation PayGo Plan
Changes & Life Events
College Bound
Business Premium Audits
Premium Audit Process
Employee or Subcontractor
Multiple State Operations
Adequately insured contractors
Certificate of Insurance
Glossary of Insurance Terms
Contact Us
Business Premium Audits
Having the proper records can save you time and money by ensuring that you receive an accurate audit.
The initial premium for some business policies is estimated based on past records of your operations. Businesses with variable or fluctuating exposures, such as payroll, total cost, sales/receipts and admissions will have estimated premiums on some policies. Typically, policies such as Workers’ Compensation, General Liability, Garage Liability and Inland Marine Installation Floater policies are audited. After the policy period ends, a premium auditor conducts a premium audit to determine what your exact insurance exposures were during the policy period. If necessary, your insurance premium is then adjusted to reflect your actual exposures.
An accurate premium audit is a benefit to you and your business. Having the proper records saves you time and can save you money by ensuring that you receive an accurate audit. Learn more about what documentation is needed and how to better prepare for your premium audit.
Premium audits still apply to Workers' Compensation policies enrolled in the PayGo payment plan. With accurate and timely reporting of payroll during the policy term for those on the PayGo plan, there will likely be very little to no premium adjustments, and the audit process will be much more efficient.
Premium Audit Q&A
Answers to your frequently asked questions.
Determining Adequately Insured Contractors
Guidelines to determine if a subcontractor is adequately insured.
Contractors vs. Employees
How an auditor distinguishes between independent contractors & employees
Another well done job as always
Controlled Environment Technologies
York, Pennsylvania