Winter Driving Tips
Auto Insurance
Additional Coverages
Roadside Assistance
Home Insurance
Additional Coverages
Renters & Condo
Personal Umbrella
Discounts & Savings
Right Coverage for You
Frequently Asked Questions
Protect Yourself & Your Family
Fall Driving Tips
Fire Safety Tips
Cooking Safety Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Get Home Safely
Driver Safety Tips
Auto Crash Kit
Home Safety Checklist
Home Maintenance Tips
Property Inventory
Protect Your Roof
Winter Driving Tips
Slowing down, increasing following distance are key
Winter Driving Basics
Slow down. It's harder to control or stop your vehicle on a slick or snow-covered surface.
Increase your following distance enough so that you will have plenty of time to stop for vehicles ahead of you.
Don't crowd a snow plow or travel beside the truck. Snow plows travel slowly, make wide turns, stop often, overlap lanes and exit the road frequently.
If you find yourself behind a snow plow, stay far enough behind it and use caution if you pass the plow.
Stock Your Vehicle
Be prepared for winter weather and an emergency by keeping these items in your vehicle:
Snow shovel, broom and ice scraper
Abrasive material (sand or kitty litter), in case your vehicle gets stuck in the snow
Jumper cables, flashlight and warning devices (flares and emergency markers)
Cell phone and charger, water, food, a blanket, medicine
If You Get Stuck
Follow these tips to stay safe if you are stopped on a road during winter weather:
Stay with your car and don't overexert yourself
Put bright markers on the antenna or windows and keep the interior dome light on so your vehicle can be seen
Make sure your exhaust pipe is clear of any snow and only run your vehicle sporadically -- just long enough to stay warm. Don't run your vehicle for long periods of time with the windows up or in an enclosed space.
Source: National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
They've always been there no matter what the issue. Amazing customer service!
Lindsey
Palmyra, Pennsylvania