Home Safety Checklist
Auto Insurance
Additional Coverages
Roadside Assistance
Home Insurance
Additional Coverages
Renters & Condo
Personal Umbrella
Discounts & Savings
Right Coverage for You
Frequently Asked Questions
Protect Yourself & Your Family
Fall Driving Tips
Fire Safety Tips
Cooking Safety Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Get Home Safely
Driver Safety Tips
Auto Crash Kit
Home Safety Checklist
Home Maintenance Tips
Property Inventory
Protect Your Roof
Home Safety Checklist
Use this checklist to help prevent damage to your home
Follow these tips to save yourself money, time and frustration, as well as prevent damage to your home.
Monthly Inspections and Cleaning
Test smoke alarms and carbon monoxide alarms by pressing the test buttons.
Inspect hot water heater. Check for rust stains or water on or around the heater. Drain one or two gallons of water from the drain valve at the bottom of the water heater. Rust or debris will settle at the bottom of the tank and collect on the lower heating element (of electric units). This can shorten the life of the tank or the element. Draining the tank removes the sediment.
Clean kitchen exhaust fan filters. Remove the filters from exhaust fans and clean in the sink or dishwasher. Filters can accumulate grease, which decreases their efficiency. Grease in the hood and filter can also accelerate a kitchen fire.
Seasonal Maintenance and Cleaning
Clean out rain spouts. Remove debris from spouts, and clean screens around downspouts. Blockages in the spouts can cause rainwater to overflow, which can lead to wood rot and basement water infiltration. Check joints in the rain spouts for cracks and caulk them, where necessary.
Clean around exterior air conditioner compressor, according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Remove all accumulated leaves and debris. Hand wash or vacuum the vents to clear away any debris. A clean air conditioner compressor operates more efficiently.
Trim shrubs around the house. Prune shrubs and trees away from the house and windows. Plants that touch the house’s exterior surface can promote infestation from insects, lead to wood rot and cause surface wear. Plants that hide windows create a shield that can allow a burlgar to break in.
Vacuum refrigerator coils, according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Dust accumulation can decrease the refrigerator’s efficiency.
Annual Maintenance and Cleaning
Inspect plumbing shut off valves. Check valves for leaks and corrosion. Turning the valves on and off will prevent future sticking.
Inspect fireplace chimney for creosote, which will appear as a shiny black coating on the interior walls. Hire a professional to remove any accumulation.
Vacuum smoke alarms and carbon monoxide alarms to improve airflow to the sensor.
Theft Prevention
Install deadbolt locks on all exterior doors.
Secure sliding glass doors with a locking bar.
Keep bicycles, furniture and other easily stolen objects inside the house when not in use.
Use timers on lights when you go out at night.
Ask a neighbor to keep an eye on your house while you are away.
Buy a home safe or rent a safe deposit box to store valuables.
Keep an inventory of your home’s contents. Both a written and photographic or video inventory.
Making Life Better
Even careful homeowners can experience a loss. If you experience a loss on your property, here’s what to do:
Protect the property.
Make an inventory of damaged items.
File a claim with Penn National Insurance by calling 800-766-2245 or visiting the Report a Claim page.
Contact the police, if the loss involves a crime or injury for which you might be held accountable.
We have never been treated so kindly by an insurance company before. We have been recommending you to everyone.
Paul & Tammy S
Leechburg, Pennsylvania