Auto Crash Kit
Auto Insurance
Additional Coverages
Roadside Assistance
Home Insurance
Additional Coverages
Renters & Condo
Personal Umbrella
Discounts & Savings
Right Coverage for You
Frequently Asked Questions
Protect Yourself & Your Family
Fall Driving Tips
Fire Safety Tips
Cooking Safety Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Get Home Safely
Driver Safety Tips
Auto Crash Kit
Home Safety Checklist
Home Maintenance Tips
Property Inventory
Protect Your Roof
Auto Crash Kit
If the crash was more serious than a fender-bender, call 911 immediately.
After a crash, it is important to gather information as quickly as possible. Stop immediately and as close to the crash site as possible. Do not move your vehicle unless directed by first responder or if it is in a position to cause another crash.
Only discuss the crash with the investigating officer. Do not blame anyone, including yourself.
While you are waiting for first responders, exchange insurance information with other drivers.
You will need:
Name and phone number of driver
Their driver's license number
Name and phone number of their insurance company
Effective dates of their policy
Other important information to collect at the scene includes:
Names of all drivers and passengers involved in the crash
Make, model and license plate number of each vehicle involved
Names, addresses and phone numbers of witnesses
Photos of the crash scene and damage to the vehicles
Names and badge numbers of first responders
If you hit an unattended vehicle, try to find the owner. If you are unable to locate the owner, leave a note with your name and phone number on the car’s windshield.
After the investigating officer has completed a report and you’ve received any necessary medical treatment, file a claim with Penn National Insurance by calling 800-766-2245 or visiting the Report a Claim page.
Throughout the claims process, you must tell the truth about all aspects of the situation, even if the circumstances surrounding the crash are embarrassing or detrimental to you. Insurance fraud is a crime with very serious consequences.
You are the pure essence of what insurance is all about. The assurance that the company you have chosen will be there when you need them. Thanks.
Natasha F.
Fayetteville, North Carolina