Right Coverage for You
Auto Insurance
Additional Coverages
Roadside Assistance
Home Insurance
Additional Coverages
Renters & Condo
Personal Umbrella
Discounts & Savings
Right Coverage for You
Frequently Asked Questions
Protect Yourself & Your Family
Fall Driving Tips
Fire Safety Tips
Cooking Safety Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Get Home Safely
Driver Safety Tips
Auto Crash Kit
Home Safety Checklist
Home Maintenance Tips
Property Inventory
Protect Your Roof
Right Coverage for You
Be sure to review your coverage needs with your agent annually.
We understand that buying insurance can be confusing. That is why we sell through independent agents, who offer our customers the best source of personal consultation. Our agents possess a wealth of insurance knowledge and are ready to answer your toughest insurance questions.
It’s important to be sure you have adequate coverage, but it’s also important to understand what you truly need, and to weigh the cost of insurance versus the coverage you need.
Here are some things to consider when talking with your agent:
What are your current assets? You want to make sure you have adequately protected your future earnings and assets in the event of a large claim.
What amount of out-of-pocket expenses are you willing to assume if there is a claim? You may want to carry a higher deductible to lower your premium.
How old is your vehicle? If your car is older or worth less than $1,500, you might decide not to pay for Collision and Comprehensive insurance.
What would it cost you to repair or replace your home or personal belongings after fire or disaster? Your basic policy provides for actual cash value, which is the original cost of an item less an allowance for depreciation. You may want to consider purchasing Replacement Cost Coverage, which is the amount of money you would need to replace an item if you were to buy it today.
Selecting insurance coverage is a personal and often challenging decision. Your Penn National Insurance agent can help you weigh the pros and cons of buying different levels of insurance protection.
Remember, although you may choose to keep things simple right now, be sure to re-evaluate your insurance needs annually, particularly if you get married, buy a different vehicle or build your assets.
For more information, we encourge you to also visit our Frequently Asked Insurance Questions page.
I have been a customer of Penn National for 30+ years and have always had great service.
Rebecca & Timothy
Scottville, North Carolina