About Us
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
About Us
At Penn National Insurance, we're on a mission to help people feel secure and make life better when bad things happen.
For over 106 years, we've been a trusted partner to individuals, families and businesses because we are a mutual insurance company where service and support for our policyholders are at the heart of everything we do.
We market our products through a network of 1,200 independent agency operations in 13 states.
If you’re ready to feel secure, search for an agent near you and get started with Penn National Insurance today.
Regional Strength. Local Presence.
Our regional structure allows us to respond to the needs of our customers on a local level. Our underwriters and claims adjusters are close to our customers, ready to serve you when you need us most.
Our territory includes Alabama, Delaware, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia and Wisconsin.
We have local offices in Pittsburgh, Pa., Nashville, Tenn., Greensboro, N.C., Harrisburg, Pa. and Lawrenceville, N.J.
Our affiliate, Partners Mutual Insurance Company, serves Iowa, Minnesota and Wisconsin from our regional office located in Waukesha, Wis.
At a Glance
We employ more than 800 people
We sell through more than 1,200 independent agency operations in 13 states
We were founded in 1919
Our principal lines of business are Personal Automobile, Workers’ Compensation, Commercial Automobile and Homeowners
We have a financial strength rating of A (Excellent) with a Stable Outlook from A.M. Best
Key Financial Metrics (as of 12/31/24)
Admitted Assets: $2.2 billion
Policyholder Surplus: $851.5 million
Net Premium to Surplus: 1.1
Net Leverage Ratio: 2.7
Our Executive Team
Robert B. Brandon, CPCU, ARM
president & CEO
"Our culture of valuing relationships, truly considering the needs of all constituents in our decision making and placing an emphasis on always doing the right thing differentiates us from many companies.  These values and behaviors square nicely with our Mutual Company organizational structure – we exist to serve others.  We owe a great deal of gratitude to our agents and policyholders that entrust us with their books of business and financial security."
Robert B. Brandon joined Penn National Insurance in 1995 as a property underwriting line of business manager. He was named director of Commercial Lines Underwriting in 1997 and promoted to regional vice president of the company’s Harrisburg Branch Office in 1999. He was named vice president—Commercial Lines in 2002, and vice president—Underwriting Operations in 2005. In 2010, he was elected senior vice president—Underwriting Operations. He was elected president & CEO in 2020.
Brandon is a graduate of Millersville University, Millersville, Pa., with a bachelor’s degree in political science. He holds the Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter and Associate in Risk Management professional designations. He completed the Insurance Executive Development Program of the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.
John Foster
senior vice president, insurance operations
John Foster joined Penn National Insurance in 2006 as vice president, Personal Lines. In 2014, he was promoted to vice president, underwriting operations. John was promoted to senior vice president, insurance operations in 2020. Before joining us, he was assistant vice president, Personal Lines at Grange Mutual Insurance. Additional prior experience included senior product management, underwriting and pricing with GEICO Direct, and district management responsibilities for Erie Insurance Group. He holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from Penn State University and an MBA from Frostburg State University. He completed the AICPCU Executive Development Program at The Wharton Business School, University of Pennsylvania, and earned the Associate in Risk Management designation from The Institutes.
Jacquelyn Anderson, CPCU, CPA
senior vice president, CFO & treasurer
Jacquelyn Anderson, CPCU, CPA, was elected senior vice president, CFO and treasurer on July 25, 2016. Jacquelyn joined Penn National Insurance in 2012 as director of Internal Audit. Prior to joining the company, she worked as a certified public accountant for Brown, Schultz, Sheridan and Fritz. She attended Harrisburg Area Community College and is a graduate of The Pennsylvania State University with a B.S. degree in professional accountancy.
Karen C. Yarrish
senior vice president, secretary & general counsel
Karen Yarrish is our senior vice president, secretary, and general counsel. She joined our company in 1990 as a legal intern, later became associate counsel, and in 1998 was appointed to the position of vice president Legal and assistant secretary. In addition to the Legal Department, she is responsible for our Administrative Services and Human Resources departments.
Kelly Miller
vice president, Human Resources
Kelly Miller joined Penn National Insurance in 2001 as a manager of human resources. In 2007, she was promoted to manager, human resources and HRIS, assuming responsibility for the company’s human resources systems. In 2016, Kelly was promoted to director, talent management, assuming responsibilities for talent development and talent acquisition. She was promoted to director, talent and total rewards in 2022 with responsibilities for compensation and benefits. In 2023, Kelly assumed the role of vice president, human resources. She holds a bachelor’s degree in Human Resource Management and has earned the Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR) designation.
Mike Watts
chief information officer
Mike Watts has been a dedicated member of the Penn National Insurance team since 1996, bringing a wealth of experience in both business and IT roles. In 2017, he took on the role of Vice President of Information Technology, and in 2021, he was promoted to Chief Information Officer (CIO).
In his role, he oversees application support, infrastructure, enterprise architecture, the enterprise data warehouse, the information security unit, and the project management office. Under his leadership, the IT department has implemented several innovative solutions that have significantly improved operational efficiency and customer satisfaction.
A proud Penn State University graduate, Mike also holds an MBA from Shippensburg University. His commitment to continuous learning is evident through his numerous designations from The Institutes and his Certified Government CIO credential from Harrisburg University. Mike's passion for technology and strategic thinking has been instrumental in driving the company's digital transformation initiatives.
Annual Reports
2024 We protect people and businesses from the financial consequences of risk.
2023 Positioned to successfully meet the challenges facing the industry. Today and tomorrow.
2022 Relationship Driven.
2021 Strong. We have an unwaivering commitment to our policyholders, our agents, our employees and our community.
You guys are perfect and help in every way possible.
Michael
Tullahoma, Tennessee