Fall Driving Tips
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
Fall Driving Tips
Download Content for Your Social Media
The graphics and captions below are available for you to use on your social media. The resources on this page can be used to encourage drivers to focus on the road and watch out for hazards.
For the best quality graphic, we suggest you download images via Dropbox here.
By clicking on the image, or the "Download Image" link after the caption, you will be directed to a Dropbox page. From there, use the download button in the top right corner to save the image to your computer and add your logo to the image.
To download text, highlight the text, right click and select copy. Then, start a new post in your social media account, right click and select paste.
Add Agency Logo
The graphics available for download have the Penn National Insurance logo on them.
After you download a graphic, you may add your agency logo to it as shown in the example in the upper right.
Downloadable Content
Deer tend to travel in groups. If you see one, be watchful for others. Be extra cautious near deer crossing signs. (Download Image)
Autumn is breeding season for deer, and they will be more active in areas near the road, especially around dawn and dusk. (Download Image)
Be aware of visibility issues. Leaves make it difficult to see potholes, bumps in the road and road markings. (Download Image)
If you are driving on a road covered in leaves, slow down. Wet leaves can be very slippery similar to driving on ice. (Download Image)
To access other content, click on the links below.
Auto Accident Kit
Heating Safety Tips
Back to School Safety Tips
Holiday*
Cooking Safety Tips
Home Maintenance Tips
Fall Driving Tips
Protect Your Roof
Fire Safety Tips
Road Trip Safety Tips
Grilling Safety Tips
Snow Removal & Frozen Pipes Tips
Get Home Safely Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Halloween Safety
* Coming soon.
Follow Penn National Insurance on Facebook and LinkedIn.