Auto Insurance
Auto Insurance
Additional Coverages
Roadside Assistance
Home Insurance
Additional Coverages
Renters & Condo
Personal Umbrella
Discounts & Savings
Right Coverage for You
Frequently Asked Questions
Protect Yourself & Your Family
Fall Driving Tips
Fire Safety Tips
Cooking Safety Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Get Home Safely
Driver Safety Tips
Auto Crash Kit
Home Safety Checklist
Home Maintenance Tips
Property Inventory
Protect Your Roof
Auto Insurance
We promise to get you back on the road as soon as possible
An auto policy from Penn National Insurance is our promise to make your car as good as it was before it was damaged.
Your auto policy can include the following coverages:
Bodily Injury Liability
Pays for the cost you are legally required to pay for injuries to someone else resulting from an accident you cause, up to the policy limits. The costs for which you are responsible may include the person’s medical bills, lost wages, and pain and suffering.
Property Damage Liability
Pays for damage you cause to someone else’s car or property in an accident, up to the policy limits. With both types of liability insurance coverage, you want enough insurance to cover a lawsuit judgment without jeopardizing your personal assets. If you are uninsured (or underinsured), the costs associated with an injured party’s liability claim will come out of your pocket. All states also have a minimum liability insurance requirement for drivers.
Medical Payments, No Fault or Personal Injury Protection
Pays medical bills for injuries to you or your passengers from an accident and, in some cases, lost wages, funeral expenses and other damages, regardless of who is at fault in an accident.
Uninsured and Underinsured Motorist
Pays medical bills for you and your passengers if a driver without insurance or without enough insurance injures you in an accident, up to the policy limits. You can generally purchase Uninsured and Underinsured limits equal to your liability limits, but not greater.
Collision
Pays for repairs to your car after an accident, regardless of whether you are at fault. This coverage is typically required if your vehicle is financed or leased. A deductible generally applies to this coverage. You can select from different deductible options, and there will be premium savings for higher deductible selections. You should ultimately choose a deductible with an out-of-pocket cost you’re comfortable with.
Other-Than-Collision (Comprehensive)
Pays for repairs to your car after damage from something other than a collision, such as loss caused by fire, theft, collision with deer or other animal, storm, flood, etc. The coverage also pays for the replacement or repair of your damaged windshield (and other glass). There is a deductible that applies to the Other-Than-Collision coverage. However, Penn National Insurance will waive your deductible for windshield damage if you are able to get your windshield repaired instead of replaced.
Very easy process. Communication was great with both myself and the car repair shop.
Brian & Suzanne
Annandale, New Jersey