Medical Providers
Report a Claim
Auto Claims Process
Property Damage
Electronic Claims Payment
Workplace Injuries
Information Needed for a Claim
Early Return to Work
Creating A Modified Duty Program
Finding Light-Duty Tasks
Sample Modified-Duty Policy
Medical Providers
Electronic Medical Bills
Medical Providers
We coordinate treatment with our medical providers to create a return-to-work plan that suits everybody's needs.
Our provider network includes top-quality, pre-screened health care providers and case managers, offering every type of service an injured worker might need.
Together with you and the injured worker, we will coordinate treatment with our medical providers to create a return-to-work treatment plan that suits everybody’s needs.
Benefits of using our provider network
Our provider network offers cost-effective pricing through a comprehensive selection of physicians, ancillary providers and hospitals. Network providers are experienced with diagnosing workplace injuries to more quickly identify proper treatments for restoring the injured workers as close as possible to their pre-injury condition, thereby returning them to the workforce in a limited or full duty basis.  Our network pharmacy program can also help reduce costs. Your intake can provide you with details.
Even if the injured worker has received treatment outside of our provider network, we will encourage the injured worker to use a physician in our network. If your state is not a managed-care state, we will work directly with the physician that the worker has chosen.
We work closely with our provider network and offer you regular status reports on the injured worker’s condition.
We review medical bills to make sure that a fair price is charged for medical services.
A list of your local network doctors and facilities is mailed to you once your policy is issued, or you can call 800-374-4990 for details. Once you have reviewed the list of network doctors, we recommend that you select your providers and notify the provider of your selection. Download this sample letter that you can copy, paste and adjust, as necessary, on your own letterhead.
Many states allow employers to actively direct the medical care of their injured employees within state guidelines. It is very important for the employer to comply with the state guidelines in order to take the best advantage of our managed care capabilities.
Select the individual state from below to learn about an individual state's guidelines.
Alabama
Alabama allows employers to direct injured workers to specific medical providers. We provide a list of preferred medical providers to Alabama employers covered by Penn National Insurance. However, you may use other medical providers of your choice. If the directory we provide is insufficient regarding the locations or specialties, we may be able to identify additional options for you.
Alabama law also allows employees to select a second medical provider from a list of four providers, if they are dissatisfied with the initial provider selected by the employer. Employers should be prepared to furnish this list to any employee requesting it. The same rules apply if surgery is required and the worker is dissatisfied with the designated surgeon.
Delaware
Employers are not allowed to actively direct the medical care of their injured employees. However, if an employee asks for your assistance in finding a medical provider, we ask that you refer the employee to our medical provider network. If the directory we provide is insufficient regarding locations or specialties, we may be able to identify additional options for you.
Maryland
Employers are not allowed to actively direct the medical care of their injured employees. However, if an employee asks for your assistance in finding a medical provider, we ask that you refer the employee to our medical provider network. If the directory we provide is insufficient regarding locations or specialties, we may be able to identify additional options for you.
New Jersey
Employers and insurance carriers are allowed to select the medical providers used in treating injured workers. We send a list of preferred medical providers to all employers covered by Penn National Insurance for their reference. If the list we provide is insufficient regarding locations or specialties, we may be able to identify additional options for you.
North Carolina
Employers and insurance carriers are allowed to select the medical providers used in treating injured workers. We send a list of preferred medical providers to all employers covered by Penn National Insurance for their reference. If the list we provide is insufficient regarding locations or specialties, we may be able to identify additional options for you.
Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania allows employers to post a panel of medical providers for treating employees who have been injured on the job. When properly notified, injured employees must use panel providers for 90 days following their first medical visit. After that 90-day period, employees are allowed to visit the medical provider of their choice, as long as they notify their employer of the change within five days of the first visit.
We send a medical provider panel to employers covered by our workers' compensation policy, based on the county in which the business or employees are located. We select these providers based on location and area of specialty. Your panel providers must be geographically accessible to your employees and have the necessary medical specialty to treat your employees' work-related injuries. The medical panel should be displayed in a conspicuous location in your workplace, so employees can refer to it as needed.
Employers in Pennsylvania need to provide each employee with a clearly written notice of their rights and duties regarding a work-related injury. You must provide this notice when the employee is first hired and immediately after an injury (or as soon as possible after an injury). The employee then needs to sign an acknowledgement form, confirming that they received and understand the information. We encourage our insureds to keep this signed form with the employee's personnel records.
South Carolina
Employers are not allowed to actively direct the medical care of their injured employees. However, if an employee asks for your assistance in finding a medical provider, we ask that you refer the employee to our medical provider network. If the directory we provide is insufficient regarding locations or specialties, we may be able to identify additional options for you.
Tennessee
Tennessee requires employers to post the Tennessee Workers’ Compensation Insurance form in a conspicuous location where all employees will have access to it in case of a work-related injury.
Tennessee also allows employers to designate three or more physicians or surgeons as their list of required medical providers, although providers cannot be from the same practice. If the injury is a back injury, you must expand your list of providers to a minimum of four providers to include a doctor of chiropractic. We suggest you include a chiropractor initially to avoid any future confusion.
We provide a list of preferred medical providers to all of our employers covered by our workers’ compensation policy in Tennessee, based on county and specialty. However, you may use other medical providers of your choice. If the directory we provide is insufficient regarding locations or specialties, we may be able to identify additional options for you.
Virginia
Virginia requires employers to offer a medical panel of at least three physicians for their injured workers. If you do not, employees may elect to see their own physicians. We provide employers covered by our workers' compensation policy with a list of providers in our network. However, you may choose providers outside this network to serve on your medical panel. Regardless of who you choose, please make sure you notify medical providers that you have included them on your medical panel.
We encourage all employers to choose medical providers who will meet the needs of their employees. If the list we provide is insufficient regarding locations or specialties, we may be able to identify additional options for you.
You must present your medical panel to the injured employee as soon as possible following an accident. Merely posting the medical panel in your workplace does not qualify under Virginia law. You also need to obtain the injured employee's signature, verifying that they received the list of medical providers. Please keep this signed verification with the employee's personnel records.