Home Maintenance Tips
Auto Insurance
Additional Coverages
Roadside Assistance
Home Insurance
Additional Coverages
Renters & Condo
Personal Umbrella
Discounts & Savings
Right Coverage for You
Frequently Asked Questions
Protect Yourself & Your Family
Fall Driving Tips
Fire Safety Tips
Cooking Safety Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Get Home Safely
Driver Safety Tips
Auto Crash Kit
Home Safety Checklist
Home Maintenance Tips
Property Inventory
Protect Your Roof
Home Maintenance Tips
Protect your home's vital systems
To prevent damage to your home and to save yourself money, time and frustration, follow these tips to protect vital systems.
Heating and Cooling Systems
Heating and cooling system malfunctions can cause structural damage, fire, smoke damage and other problems. These tips can help minimize those risks:
Inspect, clean or replace your system’s filter each month.
Check heating and cooling registers to make sure they are not blocked.
Hire a professional to inspect your heating and cooling system at the beginning of each season.
Buy a maintenance contract to cover regular service of major heating and cooling systems.
Hire a professional to inspect and clean the chimney and flue.
Call a professional if you see rust, hear odd sounds or detect odd smells from the system.
Plumbing Systems
To prevent freezing, insulate pipes that are near exterior walls.
Drain pipes and washing machine hoses if you will be away from your property for an extended period, and particularly if the property will be only partially heated.
Drain pipes to exterior faucets before freezing weather sets in.
Hire a professional to install shut-offs in convenient locations, particularly before bathroom and kitchen fixtures.
If a pipe freezes, turn off the valve between the frozen pipe and the rest of the system to keep the ice from spreading.
Inspect the hot water heater for rust stains or water on or around the base. This can indicate a leaking valve or cracked tank.
Inspect and repair caulk around tub and toilet fixtures.
Turn off faucets leading to washing machine hoses when not using the washer.
Electrical Systems
Don’t overload outlets, circuits or extension cords. If in doubt, have a professional check the current consumption of your plugged-in items, the capacity of the circuit, and the capacity of the cords.
Hire a professional to install ground fault circuit interrupter (GFCI) outlets wherever they are required by the electrical code and particularly near water and outdoor locations.
Check electrical cords for fraying and cracking, and replace them if necessary.
Never run cords under rugs or furniture.
Consider hiring a professional to upgrade your electrical service from a fuse system to a circuit-breaker system.
Install a surge protector in your electrical service entrance panel (usually your main circuit breaker panel, where the power enters the house) and install individual surge protectors at all major appliance connections.
Making Life Better
Even careful homeowners can experience a loss. If you experience a loss, here’s what you should do:
Protect the property.
Make an inventory of damaged items.
File a claim with Penn National Insurance by calling 800-766-2245 or visiting the Report a Claim page.
Contact the police, if the loss involves a crime or injury for which you might be held accountable.
Love you guys. Thanks!
James & Dona D
Jackson, Tennessee