Grilling Safety Tips
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
Grilling Safety Tips
Download Content for Your Social Media
The graphics and captions below are available for you to use on your social media. The resources on this page can be used to remind people how to grill safely this summer. No one wants the party to be ruined because of an emergency.
For the best quality graphic, we suggest you download images via Dropbox here.
By clicking on the image, or the "Download Image" link after the caption, you will be directed to a Dropbox page. From there, use the download button in the top right corner to save the image to your computer and add your logo to the image.
To download text, highlight the text, right click and select copy. Then, start a new post in your social media account, right click and select paste.
Add Agency Logo
The graphics available for download have the Penn National Insurance logo on them.
After you download a graphic, you may add your agency logo to it as shown in the example in the upper right.
Downloadable Content
Hosting a BBQ this summer? Make sure all the food is cooked thoroughly and the grill is properly cleaned after each use. Roughly 20% of fires were started due to the grill not being cleaned and maintainted properly. (Download Image)
Outdoor grilling is one of the most popular ways to cook food. But a grill placed too close to anything that can burn is a fire hazard. (Download Image)
Place the grill well away from the home, deck railings, and out from under eaves and overhanging branches. (Download Image)
Keep children and pets at least three feet away from the grilling area. (Download Image)
When you are finished grilling, let the coals of a charcoal grill cool completely before disposing in a metal container. (Download Image)
Source: National Fire Protection Association
To access other content, click on the links below.
Auto Accident Kit
Heating Safety Tips
Back to School Safety Tips
Holiday*
Cooking Safety Tips
Home Maintenance Tips
Fall Driving Tips
Protect Your Roof
Fire Safety Tips
Road Trip Safety Tips
Grilling Safety Tips
Snow Removal & Frozen Pipes Tips
Get Home Safely Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Halloween Safety
* Coming soon.
Follow Penn National Insurance on Facebook and LinkedIn.