Fire Safety Tips
About Us
News
Social Media Hub
Annual Meeting
Tax ID Numbers
NAIC Numbers
Award Winning Claims Service
Community Support
Corporate Responsibility
Convenient Options
Your Independent Agent
Financial Stability
Stand Against Racism
Fire Safety Tips
Download Content for Your Social Media
The graphics and captions below are available for you to use on your social media. The resources on this page can be used to encourage people to protect their family and property from fire.
For the best quality graphic, we suggest you download images via Dropbox here.
By clicking on the image, or the "Download Image" link after the caption, you will be directed to a Dropbox page. From there, use the download button in the top right corner to save the image to your computer and add your logo to the image.
To download text, highlight the text, right click and select copy. Then, start a new post in your social media account, right click and select paste.
Add Agency Logo
The graphics available for download have the Penn National Insurance logo on them.
After you download a graphic, you may add your agency logo to it as shown in the example in the upper right.
Downloadable Content
Smoke alarms save lives. Properly installed and maintained smoke alarms play a vital role in reducing fire deaths and injuries. Test smoke alarms once a month. (Download Image)
Sprinkler systems can help prevent casualties and damage to homes and businesses. When combined with smoke alarms, sprinkler systems can reduce the risk of death by 82% and property loss by 62%. Source. U.S. Fire Administration (Download Image)
Once you're out, stay out. Under no circumstances should you go back into a burning building. If someone is missing, inform the 911 dispatcher when you call. (Download Image)
A fire safety plan is essential for your business. A plan provides information regarding emergency procedures and shows your committment to safety. (Download Image)
To access other content, click on the links below.
Auto Accident Kit
Heating Safety Tips
Back to School Safety Tips
Holiday*
Cooking Safety Tips
Home Maintenance Tips
Fall Driving Tips
Protect Your Roof
Fire Safety Tips
Road Trip Safety Tips
Grilling Safety Tips
Snow Removal & Frozen Pipes Tips
Get Home Safely Tips
Winter Driving Tips
Halloween Safety
* Coming soon.
Follow Penn National Insurance on Facebook and LinkedIn.